Okay, or something?
nothing else
Guide the relevant people clearly
I want to talk to my husband and son about being a walking queen
I told you first
Okay, go ahead and listen to me
What are you doing?
We are so proud now
my identity
It’s not convenient to leave now
But don't worry
As long as you have me for one day
Then no one will be angry with you
The life you want for your money
I can give it to you too
Of course you mean it
Then I want 1 million
have you
What do you do with a million?
Don't worry about what I do
have you
Renew one million
Even if you want 100 million
I can give you 100 million
Then give me 100 million
If you can spend 100 million
I will forgive you and support you
Be very careful with our Fuzi departments.
you take this
Go to the president of Difficulty Bank
Let him give you benefits